Fix broken link in the tutorial (#5774)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/tutorial/chapter5/testing.md

Note that the summary on the bottom indicates that there was 1 test that failed. If you feel curious, you can scroll up in your terminal and see more details on the test that failed. We'll also take a look at that failed test shortly.

> If you continued with your own repo from chapters 1-4, you may see some other failures here or none at all: we made a lot of changes to the pages, components and cells we generated, but didn't update the tests to reflect the changes we made. (Another reason to start with the [example repo](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood-tutorial)!)

Reviewer: The linked section is moved to a different page, I think it's best to link that doc that explains a bit why someone may be interested in the example repo.

```suggestion
If you continued with your own repo from chapters 1-4, you may see some other failures here or none at all: we made a lot of changes to the pages, components and cells we generated, but didn't update the tests to reflect the changes we made. (Another reason to start with the [example repo](../intermission.md#using-the-example-repo-recommended)!)
```
